Dean, why are you here?
This bumpkin Xiaoming also bought our hospital
Bragging is not a big way to please the dog
You are here this time, clean it up well.
Let go of me
Contract to Mr. Lu
I'm sorry, the contract was torn up by Young Master Li
You tore my box
Hello doctor david
This is the ranking that does not put me in the long river.
Uncle Zhu, what a joke
You are our Yunzhou Medical Tai
It's our Yunzhou drama opera Wang Dangyu
Three families are in front of you
Nothing, right?
Joke, you also match me Zhu Changhe joke
Tear up my walnuts
Touch my guest of Zhu Changhe
Does your Li family want to disappear in Yunzhou?
Hahahaha
Let the Li family disappear in Yunzhou
Zhu Changhe, you're afraid you're going to scare me to death
You don't want this
Shady Hall boss
Tyrant in the eyes of third-rate families
Principal Director
It's really bad for me to talk to you like this
Ah Zhu Lao
Excuse me.
You are gone.
All this time, the Hall of Darkness is mine
You touch my people
What are you?
Somebody take them down and get out
Just don't think so
And you bumpkin
Today, Ben will let you know how to rob a woman from Ben Shao
What's the end
Li Le has nothing to do with the army
I'll take them whatever you want
Get out of their seats
Don't ask them to ask, this gang blows up